
revision:66a32f1
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1433322924
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/BatchCompilerTest.java


revision:07f3553
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1433248968
org.eclipse.jdt.core/batch/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/batch/messages.properties


revision:7a6bf77
author:Sergey Prigogin
date:1433181214
org.eclipse.jdt.apt.pluggable.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/apt/pluggable/tests/BuilderTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/Compiler.java


revision:d447d64
author:Sasikanth Bharadwaj
date:1432546963
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/LambdaExpressionsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/AllocationExpression.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/QualifiedAllocationExpression.java


revision:beded9a
author:Stephan Herrmann
date:1432220316
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/AssignmentTest.java


revision:1007a02
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1432118572
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/model/CompletionTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/codeassist/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/codeassist/CompletionEngine.java


revision:6478e2e
author:Sasikanth Bharadwaj
date:1432145659
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/Scope.java


revision:2b2b731
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1431950504
org.eclipse.jdt.apt.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/apt/core/internal/AptCompilationParticipantExtensionFactory.java


revision:07b9b07
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1431700610
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/compiler/apt/tests/FileManagerTests.java


revision:7b78c83
author:Stephan Herrmann
date:1431548524
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/NullTypeAnnotationTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/UnresolvedReferenceBinding.java


revision:906a701
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1431578054
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.builder/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.builder/pom.xml


revision:adc0605
author:Igor Fedorenko
date:1431461648
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/resources/targets/filemanager/classes/dirresource.txt
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/resources/targets/filemanager/dependency.zip
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/compiler/apt/tests/FileManagerTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/apt/util/EclipseFileManager.java


revision:699f85d
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1431548451
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/model/CompletionTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/model/CompletionTestsRequestor2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/model/CompletionTests_1_5.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/codeassist/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/codeassist/InternalCompletionProposal.java


revision:fa568df
author:Mateusz Matela
date:1431516602
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/formatter/FormatterBugsTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/formatter/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/formatter/linewrap/WrapExecutor.java


revision:42f7a75
author:Jay Arthanareeswaran
date:1431539569
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/lib/apttestprocessors.jar
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/processors/org/eclipse/jdt/compiler/apt/tests/processors/messager/MessagerProc.java
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/resources/targets/errors/pa/Nested.java
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/resources/targets/errors/pa/Outer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/resources/targets/errors/pb/D.java
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/compiler/apt/tests/MessagerTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.tool/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/tool/EclipseCompilerImpl.java


revision:7c18a97
author:Stefan Ocke
date:1410697950
org.eclipse.jdt.compiler.apt/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/apt/dispatch/BaseMessagerImpl.java


revision:5ad2fcc
author:Sasikanth
date:1431337946
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/AmbiguousMethodTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/PolyParameterizedGenericMethodBinding.java


revision:dc6be4d
author:Olivier Thomann
date:1431442695
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/MethodHandleTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/TestAll.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/ASTNode.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/codegen/ConstantPool.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/TagBits.java


revision:5121302
author:Stephan Herrmann
date:1431016168
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/NullTypeAnnotationTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/AbstractMethodDeclaration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/Argument.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/ArrayTypeReference.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/InstanceOfExpression.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/MethodDeclaration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/ParameterizedQualifiedTypeReference.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/ParameterizedSingleTypeReference.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/ReferenceExpression.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/TypeReference.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/MethodBinding.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/SourceTypeBinding.java


revision:27f0a8b
author:Markus Keller
date:1431079374
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/GenericsRegressionTest_1_8.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ClassFile.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/util/Util.java


revision:5639522
author:Stephan Herrmann
date:1430855398
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/NullTypeAnnotationTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/LookupEnvironment.java


revision:9361352
author:Stephan Herrmann
date:1430784776
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/dom/ASTConverterBugsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/dom/ASTModelBridgeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/lookup/LocalVariableBinding.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/dom/org/eclipse/jdt/core/dom/VariableBinding.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/model/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/LocalVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/model/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/util/BindingKeyParser.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/model/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/util/BindingKeyResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/model/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/util/KeyKind.java


revision:6a618f5
author:Sasikanth Bharadwaj
date:1431077833
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.compiler/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/compiler/regression/LambdaRegressionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/compiler/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/compiler/ast/ReferenceExpression.java


revision:655943c
author:Stephan Herrmann
date:1430772017
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/dom/ASTModelBridgeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/dom/org/eclipse/jdt/core/dom/CompilationUnitResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/model/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/TypeParameter.java


revision:871cac4
author:Mateusz Matela
date:1430295047
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/RunFormatterTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/formatter/FormatterBugs18Tests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.tests.model/src/org/eclipse/jdt/core/tests/formatter/FormatterBugsTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/eclipse.jdt.ui.patch.txt
org.eclipse.jdt.core/formatter/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/formatter/DefaultCodeFormatter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/formatter/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/formatter/LineBreaksPreparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/formatter/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/formatter/SpacePreparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/formatter/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/formatter/linewrap/WrapExecutor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core/formatter/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/formatter/linewrap/WrapPreparator.java

